Did you see it?
Now tell me how much this gift is worth
I'll see what this is
Shanshan, what's going on?
Take a look.
This is the pair worth 18 yuan and 8 pairs given by the writer.
Gu Shanshan
Is there anything else you want to say?
What's going on?
Sun Lu's weakness
Why did you send me a pair of scissors?
Who knows?
The key is only
Luo Yingxue knows what gift she is giving
Yeah, yeah.
Who the hell are you?
Why are you pretending to be someone from my family?
Not allowed
How dare you find a stinky actor
To insult us all gods
How dare you insult the daughter of our gods?
Big finger, you don't want to live anymore, right?
I see.
This crazy woman is too bold
Invade the Divine Capital Luo Family
He's done, shut up.
You can question the fall of the capital of God
Stinky actor dares to hit me
Come
Shen Duoling is here
Who dares to make trouble?